
JACK DUKE AUTOSALES INC. COMPANY POLICY

1. Attendance
An attendance policy addresses various issues related to attendance, such as tardiness, early leave and absence without advanced notice. Attendance policies typically define these terms and describe or point to disciplinary actions. For example, an organization might define tardiness as arrival over five minutes after the start of a shift or the end of lunch and go on to describe a progressive discipline scheme.

2. Code of conduct
A code of conduct policy relates to employee behavior. This kind of policy commonly addresses issues a broad range of issues, including:

Appropriate and inappropriate manners of dress
Confidentiality about company activities or projects
Interpersonal relationships and behaviors
Intoxication on the job
The use of communications devices or social media during work hours
A code of conduct policy may also include a warning against infractions of the policy, noting that violations may lead to disciplinary action. These aspects of the policy help others to understand the seriousness of the issues addressed and encourage adherence to the policy.

3. Equal opportunity
Equal opportunity refers to an anti-discrimination policy that prevents employers from mistreating employees or job candidates based on their age, culture, ethnicity, gender, religion or other personal attributes. This policy is essential because it promotes fair treatment to all individuals by both managers and colleagues. It also allows an organization to comply with federal regulations issued by U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.

4. Health and safety
The purpose of health and safety policies is to prevent illnesses and injuries in the workplace. In a food service setting, for example, these policies may require employees to wash their hands regularly and provide instructions for doing so. They're also likely to describe protocols for using potentially hazardous equipment, such as deep fryers, meat slicers, knives and other common kitchen tools.

5. Security
A security policy relates to the physical safety of the people in an organization or the information found in an area within a facility. Security policies normally outline procedures for entering and exiting the workplace or a room inside the building. It may note the use of an ID card or fingerprint scanner and qualify the types of personnel permitted entry into classified areas.

6. Cybersecurity
Cybersecurity relates to the protection of an organization's networks and digital property. Cybersecurity policies often address various areas of concern, including but not limited to:

Password strength
Password changing
Use of personal computing devices
Identifying illegitimate emails and attachments
Copy and transfer guidelines for digital files
Measures such as these help to prevent undesirable events such as data loss and data compromise.

7. Acceptable use
An acceptable use policy is a set of rules that dictate the appropriate use of an organization's computer network and devices. This can be seen as an extension of both cybersecurity and the code of conduct. Such policies often prohibit behaviors such as downloading certain file types, uploading unauthorized files to the network and certain forms of communication via email or messaging applications.

8. Bring your own device
Bring your own device, also known as BYOD, refers to the practice of allowing employees to use their personal computing devices, including mobile devices, for work. This is an extension of acceptable use, as personal devices could potentially increase cybersecurity risks. BYOD policies usually include restrictions concerning uploading to the company network and requirements relating to antivirus software.

Read more: What Does BYOD Mean? Bring Your Own Device Definition

9. Social media
A social media policy, which is commonly considered another extension of acceptable use, dictates how and when employees can access their personal social media accounts during work hours. Many employers might worry that browsing social media could cause a decrease in productivity, so social media policies often restrict access to certain times, such as breaks. These policies may also restrict what kinds of employer-related information employees share, to prevent the leaking of sensitive information.

10. Privacy
A company's privacy policy defines the extent to which it collects employee data and monitors employee activity. A typical privacy policy informs employees of the collection of certain types of personal information—addresses, phone numbers, social security numbers—that are necessary for documentation. It also may note that company correspondences are subject to monitoring but ensure employees of their right to privacy concerning their personal belongings, personal correspondences and conversations.

11. Paid time off
Paid time off, also known as PTO, refers to vacation days, personal days and holidays, during which the employee continues to earn their regular rate of compensation. A PTO policy usually mentions how many vacation and personal days an employee has, how these days accrue and how many holidays per year the organization acknowledges. The policy might also address what happens when one of these holidays falls on the weekend or an employee doesn't use all of their vacation days during a business year.

12. Sick leave
Some employers have a sick leave policy separate from the PTO policy. Sick leave refers to days spent away from work because of illness or injury. Salaried employees typically receive paid sick days, while hourly employees usually don't receive compensation for sick days. Normally, a sick leave policy includes the number of sick days allowed per year and outlines associated protocol, such as acquiring a doctor's note or finding a colleague to cover your work.

13. Leave of absence
A leave of absence, also called LOA, is an extended period away from work. This differs from PTO because of the length of the time off and the various circumstances under which an employee might request leave. There are two categories of leave—paid and unpaid—and numerous types, including but not limited to:

Parental: Parental leave is for those who've recently had a child through either birth or adoption.
Bereavement: Bereavement leave applies to individuals who've recently experienced the death of a loved one.
Medical: Medical leave is for individuals who have serious ongoing medical conditions or are responsible for the care of someone who does.
An LOA policy typically notes the types of leave that the organization allows, the length of time permitted and adjustments to the rate of compensation, if any.

Read more: Paid and Unpaid Leave of Absence: Definition and Examples

14. Flexible work
Flexible work policies refer to allowances for employees working outside of the traditional work environment and schedule—9 a.m. to 5 p.m. in a central location such as an office. Examples of flexible work include:

Work-from-home or remote: The employee may work part of the time or entirely from a remote location, usually their place of residence.
Flex time: On a given day, the employee may arrive and leave as they wish, with the understanding that they meet the required number of hours per day or week.
Compressed schedule: The employee works longer hours per day but fewer total days per week—typically 10 hours per day for four days.
15. Harassment
Harassment is a term that broadly refers to actions that cause others to feel belittled or threatened. A workplace harassment policy defines harassment and may provide examples. This kind of policy usually addresses both harassers and the harassed, pointing to disciplinary action and suggesting avenues for recourse, respectively.

16. Payroll
A payroll policy is an assurance to employees concerning their compensation. In the policy, the employer guarantees payment of wages or salaries on a specified date or regular interval. It often also includes mention of deductions such as federal and state taxes.

Source:
https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/career-development/workplace-policy-examples